📖 ci-signal: clarified timing for dropping n-3 release support in setup steps (#12057)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/release/role-handbooks/ci-signal/README.md

    2. Modify the following at the `release-1.8` branch entry:
            * Change intervals (let's use the same as for `release-1.7`).
2. Create a new dashboard for the new branch in: `test-infra/config/testgrids/kubernetes/sig-cluster-lifecycle/config.yaml` (`dashboard_groups` and `dashboards`).

> 3. Do not remove old release branches during this setup phase.

Reviewer: Don't we need this step somewhere else then?

Author: Added Post-release cleanup

> Per our policy documented in [Support and guarantees](../../../../CONTRIBUTING.md#support-and-guarantees), old release branches (e.g., `release-1.5`) should only be removed after the new release (v1.8.0) has been officially cut. This ensures continued support for n-3 versions throughout the current release cycle. Once `v1.8.0` is released, then test coverage for old release branches and unused versions (in this case `release-1.5`) may be removed from the `cluster-api-prowjob-gen.yaml` file in [test-infra](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/config/jobs/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Let's drop this explanation here. I think it's okay to just say don't remove

2. Open issues using an appropriate template (flaking-test) for occurring flakes and ideally fix them or find someone who can.

   **Note**: Given resource limitations in the Prow cluster it might not be possible to fix all flakes. Let's just try to pragmatically keep the amount of flakes pretty low.

> ### Post-release cleanup

Reviewer: Please add this to the table of contents, i.e. let's add
```
  - [Post-release cleanup](#post-release-cleanup)
```

In l.15

> Once the new minor release (e.g., `v1.8.0`) has been officially cut, perform the following cleanup:

Reviewer: Let's also add this to the release tracking issue template
```
* [ ] [CI Manager] [Post-release cleanup](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/tree/main/docs/release/role-handbooks/ci-signal#post-release-cleanup)
```
week 18 / l.67 in .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release_tracking.md

> - Remove old release branches and unused versions from the `cluster-api-prowjob-gen.yaml` file in [test-infra](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/config/jobs/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/) according to our policy documented in [Support and guarantees](../../../../CONTRIBUTING.md#support-and-guarantees).

Reviewer: I think this link "../../../../CONTRIBUTING.md#support-and-guarantees" is broken

Reviewer: @fabriziopandini Can you please share where this should link to? I think somewhere. in versions.md

Author: @sbueringer apologies for the delay i was away - should I link it to here: https://github.com/shecodesmagic/cluster-api/blob/main/docs/book/src/reference/versions.md#cluster-api-release-vs-api-versions

> As we just added `release-1.8`, we can now drop test coverage for the `release-1.5` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can now drop test coverage for branaches out of support (e.g. `release-1.5`).
```

2. Open issues using an appropriate template (flaking-test) for occurring flakes and ideally fix them or find someone who can.

   **Note**: Given resource limitations in the Prow cluster it might not be possible to fix all flakes. Let's just try to pragmatically keep the amount of flakes pretty low.

### Post-release cleanup
Once the new minor release (e.g., `v1.8.0`) has been officially cut, perform the following cleanup:

> - Remove old release branches and unused versions from the `cluster-api-prowjob-gen.yaml` file in [test-infra](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/config/jobs/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/) according to our policy documented in [Support and guarantees](../../../book/src/reference/versions.md#cluster-api-release-vs-api-versions)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Remove old release branches and unused versions from the `cluster-api-prowjob-gen.yaml` file in [test-infra](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/config/jobs/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/) according to our policy documented in [Support and guarantees](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/versions#cluster-api-release-support)
```

@mboersma @shecodesmagic if we are talking about EOL of CAPI versions/dropping corresponding test coverage, I think this link is more apporopriate, WDYT?
